Roadmap.md, before:

# Things to do
### Shop page
    Make list view of different levels of seeds

### Inventory page
    Make inventory page button open a window
    Make a grid view to see plants
    Tapping on a plant opens a dialogue with plant stats

### Greenhouse page
    Tapping on a pot opens a dialogue with the plant info
    Dialogue includes options to remove plant 
    Include a money display 

# Content Brainstorming 
### Garden thoughts
    Flowers are plants that don't generate a lot, but harvest for a lot
    Crops are plants that generate a lot, and harvest for little
    Trees are purchased infrequently, and provide lasting buffs

    Seeds come in tiers. Higher tiers seeds have higher chance of growing into higher tier plants

    Crops are split into vegetables and fruits (fungi?)
    Vegetables have consistent value
    Fruits have front loaded value

    Trees maybe don't have tiers, and instead just all have good effects you randomly get

### Mechanics thoughts
    Should this game have prestige mechanics?
    Prestige into random 'seasons' which buff certain plants

### Crops thoughts
1. Tier 1 (bottom)
    1. Vegetables
        1. Corn 
        2. Broccoli
        3. Peas
    2. Fruit
        1. Strawberry
        2. Pineapple
        3. Blueberry

2. Tier 2
    1. Vegetables
        1. Pumpkin
        2. Squash
        3. Cucumber
    2. Fruit
        1. Watermelon
        2. Grapes
        3. Tomatos

3. Tier 3 (top)
    1. Vegetables
        1. Pickle
        2. Cabbage
        3. Brussel Sprouts
    2. Fruit
        1. Starfruit
        2. Dragonfruit
        3. Pomegranate

### Flowers
1. Tier 1 (bottom)
    1. Crocus
    2. Daisy
    3. Tulip

2. Tier 2
    1. Lavender
    2. Rose
    3. Poppy

3. Tier 3 (top)
    1. Lotus
    2. Sunflower
    3. Wisteria

### Trees thoughts
    Tiers tentative

1. Tier 1 (bottom)
    1. Oak Tree
    2. Spruce Tree
    3. Ironbark Tree

2. Tier 2
    1. Apple Tree- buffs fruit
    2. Sakura Tree

3. Tier 3 (top)
    1. Diamond Tree
    2. Redwood Tree
    3. Pando Tree

Commit message:

setting up plant instance for inventory management

Roadmap.md, after:

# Where to pick up next time
Have the game plant the plant when focusing a pot and clicking plant on a plant. 

# Things to do
### Shop page
    Make list view of different levels of seeds

### Inventory page
    Make inventory page button open a window
    Make a grid view to see plants
    Tapping on a plant opens a dialogue with plant stats

### Greenhouse page
    Tapping on a pot opens a dialogue with the plant info
    Dialogue includes options to remove plant 
    Include a money display 

# Content Brainstorming 
### Garden thoughts
    Flowers are plants that don't generate a lot, but harvest for a lot
    Crops are plants that generate a lot, and harvest for little
    Trees are purchased infrequently, and provide lasting buffs

    Seeds come in tiers. Higher tiers seeds have higher chance of growing into higher tier plants

    Crops are split into vegetables and fruits (fungi?)
    Vegetables have consistent value
    Fruits have front loaded value

    Trees maybe don't have tiers, and instead just all have good effects you randomly get

### Mechanics thoughts
    Should this game have prestige mechanics?
    Prestige into random 'seasons' which buff certain plants

### Crops thoughts
1. Tier 1 (bottom)
    1. Vegetables
        1. Corn 
        2. Broccoli
        3. Peas
    2. Fruit
        1. Strawberry
        2. Pineapple
        3. Blueberry

2. Tier 2
    1. Vegetables
        1. Pumpkin
        2. Squash
        3. Cucumber
    2. Fruit
        1. Watermelon
        2. Grapes
        3. Tomatos

3. Tier 3 (top)
    1. Vegetables
        1. Pickle
        2. Cabbage
        3. Brussel Sprouts
    2. Fruit
        1. Starfruit
        2. Dragonfruit
        3. Pomegranate

### Flowers
1. Tier 1 (bottom)
    1. Crocus
    2. Daisy
    3. Tulip

2. Tier 2
    1. Lavender
    2. Rose
    3. Poppy

3. Tier 3 (top)
    1. Lotus
    2. Sunflower
    3. Wisteria

### Trees thoughts
    Tiers tentative

1. Tier 1 (bottom)
    1. Oak Tree
    2. Spruce Tree
    3. Ironbark Tree

2. Tier 2
    1. Apple Tree- buffs fruit
    2. Sakura Tree

3. Tier 3 (top)
    1. Diamond Tree
    2. Redwood Tree
    3. Pando Tree
